Handle distributed context headers in custom propagator (#1533)
microsoft/reverse-proxy: docs/docfx/articles/header-guidelines.md

### TraceParent, Request-Id, TraceState, Baggage, Correlation-Context

> These headers relate to distributed tracing. They are automatically removed on .NET 6 or later so that the forwarding HttpClient can replace them with updated values. You can turn header removal off by calling:
> ```C#
> .ConfigureHttpHandler((_, handler) => handler.ActivityHeadersPropagator = null)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These headers relate to distributed tracing. They are automatically removed on .NET 6 or later so that the forwarding HttpClient can replace them with updated values.
You can opt out of modifying these headers by setting `SocketsHttpHandler.ActivityHeadersPropagator ` to `null`:
```C#
services.AddReverseProxy()
    .ConfigureHttpClient((_, handler) => handler.ActivityHeadersPropagator = null);
```
